Revise conflict data resolution enhancement during data import (#16861)
pingcap/docs: tidb-lightning/tidb-lightning-physical-import-mode-usage.md

# Import mode. "local" means using the physical import mode.
backend = "local"

> # The `duplicate-resolution` parameter is deprecated starting from v8.0.0 and will be removed in v8.5.0. For more information, see <https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/dev/tidb-lightning-physical-import-mode-usage#the-old-version-of-conflict-detection-deprecated-in-v800>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# The `duplicate-resolution` parameter is deprecated starting from v8.0.0 and will be removed in a future release. For more information, see <https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/dev/tidb-lightning-physical-import-mode-usage#the-old-version-of-conflict-detection-deprecated-in-v800>.
```

There are two versions for conflict detection:

- The new version of conflict detection, controlled by the `conflict` configuration item.

> - The old version of conflict detection (deprecated in v8.0.0 and will be removed in v8.5.0), controlled by the `tikv-importer.duplicate-resolution` configuration item.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The old version of conflict detection (deprecated in v8.0.0 and will be removed in a future release), controlled by the `tikv-importer.duplicate-resolution` configuration item.
```

### The old version of conflict detection (deprecated in v8.0.0)

> Starting from v8.0.0, the old version of conflict detection (`tikv-importer.duplicate-resolution`) is deprecated. The `tikv-importer.duplicate-resolution` parameter will be removed in v8.5.0. If `tikv-importer.duplicate-resolution` is `remove` and `conflict.strategy` is not configured, TiDB Lightning automatically enables the new version of conflict detection by assigning the value of `conflict.strategy` to `"replace"`. Note that `tikv-importer.duplicate-resolution` and `conflict.strategy` cannot be configured at the same time, as it will result in an error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from v8.0.0, the old version of conflict detection (`tikv-importer.duplicate-resolution`) is deprecated. The `tikv-importer.duplicate-resolution` parameter will be removed in a future release. If `tikv-importer.duplicate-resolution` is `remove` and `conflict.strategy` is not configured, TiDB Lightning automatically enables the new version of conflict detection by assigning the value of `conflict.strategy` to `"replace"`. Note that `tikv-importer.duplicate-resolution` and `conflict.strategy` cannot be configured at the same time, as it will result in an error.
```
